Large refactor of documentation (#190)
dandi/dandi-docs: docs/user-guide-sharing/converting-data/index.md

> # Converting Data to NWB

Author: Sure, I refactored to separate NWB into a subsection

## Why Convert to NWB?

NWB is a standardized data format for neurophysiology that:

- Provides a common structure for storing and sharing neurophysiology data
- Includes rich metadata to make your data more discoverable and reusable
- Enables interoperability with a growing ecosystem of analysis tools
- Facilitates data validation and quality control

## Conversion Process Overview

We suggest beginning the conversion process using only a small amount of data so that common issues may be spotted earlier in the process. This step can be complex depending on your data.

## Available Conversion Tools

Several tools are available to help you convert your data to NWB format:

1. **[NWB Graphical User Interface for Data Entry (GUIDE)](https://nwb-guide.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)** is a cross-platform desktop application for converting data from common proprietary formats to NWB and uploading it to DANDI.

2. **[NeuroConv](https://neuroconv.readthedocs.io/)** is a Python library that automates conversion to NWB from a variety of popular formats. See the [Conversion Gallery](https://neuroconv.readthedocs.io/en/main/conversion_examples_gallery/index.html) for example conversion scripts.

> 3. **[PyNWB](https://pynwb.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)** and **[MatNWB](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/matnwb)** are APIs in Python and MATLAB that allow full flexibility in reading and writing data. ([PyNWB tutorials](https://pynwb.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/index.html), [MatNWB tutorials](https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/matnwb?tab=readme-ov-file#tutorials))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **[PyNWB](https://pynwb.readthedocs.io/)** and **[MatNWB](https://matnwb.readthedocs.io/)** are APIs in Python and MATLAB that allow full flexibility in reading and writing data. ([PyNWB tutorials](https://pynwb.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/index.html), [MatNWB tutorials](https://matnwb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pages/tutorials/index.html))
```

4. **[NWB Overview Docs](https://nwb-overview.readthedocs.io)** points to more tools helpful for working with NWB files.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Individual Dandisets often point in their metadata records to code repositories which provides scripts around aforementioned tools.

```

Author: This is already mentioned here: https://docs.dandiarchive.org/136_metadata/#related-resources
